Mid 1 Spec - Substitution Cipher

The purpose of this character driver will be to encode/decode strings of characters using a basic substitution cipher.
The substitution cipher works by converting a plaintext string to a ciphertext string by substituting the plaintext alphabet
(abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz) with a chiphertext alphabet. To make this task a little simpler, the plaintext string should only
contain lowercase a-z characters and space.

Here is an example of encoding the plaintext message "hello world" 
using the chiphertext alphabet "zyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba".
space characters are left as they are, and the letters are substituted
according to the character in the ciphertext alphabet at their index.

abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz (plaintext alphabet)
zyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba (ciphertext alphabet)

'h' -> 's'
'e' -> 'v'
'l' -> 'o'
'l' -> 'o'
'o' -> 'l'
' ' -> ' '
'w' -> 'd'
'o' -> 'l'
'r' -> 'i'
'l' -> 'o'
'd' -> 'w'

the final result is the ciphertext message "svool dliow"

the cyphertext alphabet is not limited to the lowercase letters and may contain any ascii characters

If needed, here is the Wikipedia page for more information about substitution ciphers: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Substitution_cipher

Here are the expected behaviors for the following system calls:

 - open:
     Initialize any driver data for this file. The input string should be intialized as if it were empty.

 - write:
     Write will allow the user to input a plaintext string to the character driver.
     If the string is invalid (contains a character not in a-z or space) return an invalid argument error (EINVAL)
     otherwise return the number of characters that were succesffully written to the driver.
     
 - ioctl:
     Ioctl will allow the user to change the ciphertext alphabet.
     The ioctl request parameter must be IOC_SET_KEY (macro with value _IOW(0x11, 0, char[26])),
     and the argument must be a pointer to a new ciphertext alphabet (26 characters) that will be used.
     If the arguments are invalid, return an invalid argument error (EINVAL). Otherwise return 0.

 - read:
     This file operation will return the ciphertext corresponding to the encoding of last plaintext string
     that was written to the character driver using the last ciphertext alphabet that was ioctl'd into the driver.
     If the full cipher text would be longer than the count provided, the output should be truncated to at most
     that many bytes.

 - close:
     Close the file and free any driver resources associated with the open file.
